Readme for dashboard operator and updates stable version (#56)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-addons: dashboard/README.md

# This is a simple guide for building an operator with kubebuilder version 2

## 1. Create a folder
```bash
mkdir dashboard
cd dashboard
```

## 2. Enable kubebuilder plugins and init
```bash
export KUBEBUILDER_ENABLE_PLUGINS=1
kubebuilder init --fetch-deps=false --domain=x-k8s.io --license=apache2
kubebuilder create api --pattern=addon --controller=true --example=false --group=addons --kind=Dashboard --make=false
 --namespaced=true --resource=true --version=v1alpha1
```

## 3. Run go mod vendor:

```bash
go mod vendor
```

## 3. Delete unnecessary test files
Delete the test suites that are more checking that kubebuilder is working:

```bash
find . -name "*_test.go" -delete
```

> # Determine the a stable version and include its manifest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Determine a stable version and include its manifest:
```

> Make a directory under `channels/packages/dashboard` with the version number. For the dashboard operator the stable
>  version was `2.0.0`
> ```bash
> cd  channels/packages/dashboard
> mkdoir 2.0.0
> ```
> 
> Download the manifest yaml
> ```bash
> cd 2.0.0
> wget kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/dashboard/v2.0.0/aio/deploy/recommended.yaml
> mv recommended.yaml manifest.yaml
> ```

Reviewer: Caught some small typos here /w `mkdoir` and `kubectl apply`.

It can be a bit clunky to ask a user to `cd` into directories, because you need to instruct them to `cd` back out.
Here's a simpler method:
`````suggestion
Make a directory under `channels/packages/dashboard` for a stable version of the dashboard -- then download the manifest for it:
```bash
mkdir -p channels/packages/dashboard/2.0.0
wget -O channels/packages/dashboard/2.0.0/manifest.yaml https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/dashboard/v2.0.0/aio/deploy/recommended.yaml
```

`````

Define the stable channel:

```bash
cat > channels/stable <<EOF
manifests:
- version: 2.0.0
EOF
```

Running the operator locally:

```bash
make install
make run
```
Logs from the operator appear in the console.

> 

Reviewer: Here's one more thing we can help the reader understand :)
`````suggestion

Now in another terminal, create an instance of the Dashboard custom resource:

```bash
kubectl create ns kubernetes-dashboard
kubectl -n kubernetes-dashboard apply -f config/samples/addons_v1alpha1_dashboard.yaml
```

You should see the operator respond and apply the resources from your package.

`````
